faq(ddx2elts): update content (#881)
scaleway/docs-content: faq/dedibox-to-elements.mdx

|                        | Server actions  | Perform actions on you Dedibox servers (inc. Installation, KVM access, Reboot, Reboot in Rescue, RAID Configuration)       | Available    |
|                        | Server order    | Order new Dedibox servers                                                                                                  | Available    |
| **NETWORK MANAGEMENT** | IPv6            | Order and configure your IPv6 Block (inc. /56 & /64 subnets configuration)                                                 | Available    |

> |                        | IP Failover     | Order and configure your IP Failover addresses. Edit your IP Failover assignation.                                         | Available    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                        | IP Failover     | Order and configure your failover IP addresses. Edit your failover IP assignation.                                         | Available    |
```

> |                        | IP Failover     | Order and configure your failover IP addresses. Edit your failover IP assignation.                                         | Available    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|                        | Failover IP     | Order and configure your failover IP addresses. Edit your failover IP assignation.                                         | Available    |
```

## What is the roadmap for the availability of features?

| CATEGORIES             | FEATURES                             | DESCRIPTION                                                                                                             | AVAILABILITY  |
|------------------------|--------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------|
| **SERVERS MANAGEMENT** | Server metrics                       | Access the metrics of your Dedibox servers (inc. statistics, monitoring)                                                | 2023          |
| **NETWORK MANAGEMENT** | RPN-VPN                              | Order and manage your RPN-VPN                                                                                           | 2023          |
| **STORAGE MANAGEMENT** | RPN-SAN                              | Order and manage your RPN-SAN                                                                                           | Q4 2022       |

> | **ACCOUNT**            | Abuse Management                     | Manage your Scaleway abuses in one single place                                                                         | 2023          |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **ACCOUNT**            | Abuse Management                     | Manage your Scaleway abuse tickets in one single place                                                                         | 2023          |
```

|                        | Support Management                   | Create and manage your Scaleway support tickets in one single place                                                     | 2023          |
| **BILLING**            | Payment method Management (SEPA, CB) | Manage your Scaleway payment methods (SEPA, CB) in one single place                                                     | Q4 2022       |
|                        | Invoices consultation                | Consult your invoices for your Dedibox servers or services                                                              | Q3 2022       |

> |                        | Payment management                   | Pay all your Scaleway products with only one payment method                                                             | Q4 2022       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                        | Payment management                   | Pay for your Scaleway products with only one payment method                                                             | Q4 2022       |
```

> |                        | Payment management                   | Pay for your Scaleway products with only one payment method                                                             | Q4 2022       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|                        | Payment management                   | Pay for your Scaleway products with one default payment method                                                             | Q4 2022       |
```

> | **OUTSOURCING**        | Outsourcing Management               | Outsource your Dedibox servers and the associate services. Manage outsourced Dedibox servers and the associate services | 2023          |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **OUTSOURCING**        | Outsourcing Management               | Outsource your Dedibox servers and the associated services. Manage outsourced Dedibox servers and the associated services | 2023          |
```

## What information is synchronized between the two consoles?

We will synchronize your personal information (first name, last name, email address, phone number) and billing information (address, company name - if any, VAT number - if any, billing contact) between Scaleway and Dedibox.<br />
Once linked, you will be able to edit this information from the Scaleway console only.

<Message type="important">

>   Once you have linked your account, you can edit your payment information from the Scaleway console only. You will not be able to edit the payment information from the Dedibox console any more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Once you have linked your account, you can edit your payment information from the Scaleway console only. You will not be able to edit the payment information from the Dedibox console anymore.
```

</Message>

## Will I have a single login in the future?

In the future, you may only need to use your Scaleway login information to connect to the Scaleway console and to manage all your Scaleway products. 

## What impact will linking accounts have on my billing?

You will continue to receive an invoice for each type of product (one for Dedibox and one for Scaleway Elements products).

> However, the default payment method defined in the Elements console will allow you to pay all your Scaleway invoices (Dedibox and Elements). So, it would be important after the linking process that you verify the default payment method defined in the Scaleway console to ensure the proper payment method will be used for your future invoices.<br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the default payment method defined in the Elements console will allow you to pay all your Scaleway invoices (Dedibox and Elements). It is important that you verify the default payment method defined in the Scaleway console after the linking process, to ensure the proper payment method will be used for your future invoices.<br />
```

## Where can I find my Dedibox invoices, following the linking of my accounts?

You will be able to find all your invoices in the Billing section of the Elements console (old Dedibox invoices as well as all new invoices).

## Following the linking of my accounts, will I find my Dedibox payment methods in the Elements console?

All your active Dedibox payment methods will be migrated to Elements during the linking process so that you will be able to manage them from the Elements console instead of the Dedibox console.<br />
You will also have to choose a unique default payment method for your Scaleway services. This default payment method will allow you to pay all of your Scaleway invoices (Elements and Dedibox).

## Will the current Dedibox API system continue to work?

Yes, the API system is not impacted by account linking.

## What are the terms of the voucher offered for the migration?

> For the first customers following the linking process, a discount of 100€ is applied directly to their Scaleway Elements account. This discount is valid for six months after the link of your accounts. It is available on our cloud services Scaleway Elements ordered through the Scaleway Console, except DDX and Elastic Metal products.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the first customers following the linking process, a discount of 100€ is applied directly to their Scaleway Elements account. This discount is valid for six months after the link of your accounts. It is available on our Scaleway Elements cloud services ordered through the Scaleway console, excluding DDX and Elastic Metal products.
```
